We’ve been treated to a new look at the long-awaited Hogwarts Legacy game in a gameplay showcase hosted on Twitch and YouTube.

A tweet was put out before the showcase took place on the official Hogwarts Legacy Twitter page showing a Hogwarts student dressed in Hufflepuff robes standing inside the clock tower.

Your next adventure in the wizarding world is coming soon. On November 11th, experience a brand new look at #HogwartsLegacy during a gameplay showcase hosted on https://t.co/t4mVCPgVlo and https://t.co/LDoBiUGomX pic.twitter.com/beM2Bz68gZ — Hogwarts Legacy (@HogwartsLegacy) November 10, 2022

The gameplay showcase was led by Chandler Wood (community manager at Avalanche) and community host James Whitehead from XpectoGo, accompanied by Alan Tew (game director) and Boston Madsen (senior environment artist).

One of the game’s elements that were brought up is the character creator feature, which will allow you to style your character how you like, with a range of different physical characteristics available, including different skin colors and hairstyles and a variation of 1800s-style robes. Plus, for those who have a Harry Potter Fan Club account, if you link your account to the game, you’ll receive a special Fan-atic robe.

In the showcase, we also got a sneak peek of the Hufflepuff common room; once your character has been Sorted into their Hogwarts House, they will be able to visit their common room and dormitory.

As you fully explore the castle and its grounds, recognizing the many iconic locations along the way, you can take in all the incredible detailing that has gone into creating this version of Hogwarts. While you explore the castle, be sure to keep an eye out for Peeves, who makes a welcome appearance in the game after having not been present in any of the Potter films.

It was also announced that there will be a range of challenges and that taking part in classes will be more of an optional feature in your experience of the game, although doing so will equip you with the ability to cast spells and the chance to get to know the professors.

We don’t have too much longer to wait for the release of Hogwarts Legacy, which is set to launch on February 10, 2023, and will be available on multiple platforms, including PlayStation 5, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 4 Pro, Xbox Series X|S, Xbox One consoles, Nintendo Switch, and PC.

Don’t forget you can preorder the book Hogwarts Legacy: The Official Game Guide, which will be released in March 2023. Plus, be sure to check out the recording of the gameplay showcase to get an idea of the excitement that is yet to come.