An image comparison between the Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra, Galaxy S22 Ultra, and the Google Pixel 7 Pro has emerged with what seems an obvious winner in terms of overall quality. A pumpkin fruit was used as the subject for the comparison, with the Galaxy S23 Ultra able to hold its own against the highly rated Pixel 7 Pro.

4 Reviews

The leaker Ice universe has been busy offering up more details about the upcoming Samsung Galaxy S23 series, with the main focus being once again on the Galaxy S23 Ultra and its camera capabilities. Not too long ago, we reported about a photo comparison between the S23 Ultra and the S22 Ultra that showed off the superior zoom capabilities of the former over the latter, which should be expected between smartphone generations. This time around normal camera mode has been compared, with the Google Pixel 7 Pro thrown into the mix.

The main subject of this photo comparison is a pumpkin, with the three phones throwing up remarkably different samples. Interestingly, Ice universe asked his followers to choose the best effort in a blind test, without revealing which devices had been used. The majority picked the first image (see below), which was later shown to have been made by the Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra. While there is no surprise that the S23 Ultra can outshine the S22 Ultra, producing a better shot than the Google Pixel 7 Pro is more of a noteworthy achievement.

The Google phone has received considerable praise for its cameras, with DXOMARK only granting the Huawei Mate 50 Pro with a higher camera score than the Pixel 7 Pro (149 vs. 147) in its smartphone rankings. The Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra is further down, tied for 12th position on 135, and the comparison shows how it has an issue with defining the pumpkin’s surface. However, this is apparently no problem for the Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra, with the orange fruit depicted in much greater detail and with improved sharpness over the samples produced by the other devices in the comparison.

Buy the Google Pixel 7 Pro or Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra on Amazon