— Recommendations are independently chosen by Reviewed’s editors. Purchases you make through our links may earn us and our publishing partners a commission.

Black Friday 2022 is fast approaching and if there's one place everyone is going to be looking for the best deals of the year, it's Amazon. People can find everything from long-lasting cookware to advanced robot vacuums at some of the lowest prices on the web. With that in mind, Amazon is offering a plethora of early Black Friday deals on everything you need for the holidays and beyond.

►Black Friday 2022: Everything you need to know ahead of the year's biggest shopping event

►Holiday shopping: These are the best gifts of 2022, according to our experts

10 best Amazon deals you can shop ahead of Black Friday 2022

Some of the biggest early Black Friday discounts are selling fast—shop these top 10 deals while you still can and snag savings on All-Clad cookware, iRobot robot vacuums, Revlon hair tools and more.

10 best Amazon early Black Friday deals under $100

Take advantage of our favorite affordable early Black Friday deals at Amazon and enjoy big savings on JBL headphones, must-have streaming devices and so much more.

All the Amazon Black Friday deals

Tech Amazon Black Friday deals

From streaming devices to smartwatches, you can find incredible deals on all the tech you need today at Amazon. We found the best early Black Friday discounts on JBL, Apple and HP.

Updating your furniture and household essentials doesn't have to be expensive, right now you can scoop steep savings on everything from mattresses to robot vacuums at Amazon. With early Black Friday deals available across all categories, you can furnish every room in your home for less ahead of the holidays.

TV Amazon Black Friday deals

If you're after movie theater-quality visuals at home you can scoop epic markdowns on best-in-class TVs with Amazon's Black Friday markdowns. Save big on Vizio, Samsung, LG and TCL now.

Update your home in a big way by shopping Amazon Black Friday deals on smart bulbs, security cameras and high-tech light bulbs. Browse Black Friday-level markdowns on Kasa devices and more.

Toy Amazon Black Friday deals

No need to wait until Black Friday 2022 to shop for must-have holiday gifts for your youngsters. Shop deals on Legos, Nerf and L.O.L. Surprise right now.

Whether you need a device that can handle your favorite video games or your work-from-home schedule, we found tons of deals on laptops, PCs and tablets available now at Amazon. Enjoy early Black Friday savings on Samsung and Apple products today.

Find fall fashion essentials for the whole family at wallet-friendly prices during Amazon's early Black Friday sale. Enjoy deep discounts on Levi's, Champion and more today.

Upgrade your sleeping situation and get your home ready for holiday entertaining with steals on mattresses and home furnishings at Amazon's Black Friday sale.

Gear up for Thanksgiving by shopping deals on cookware, kitchen appliances, cooking gadgets and more. Save on Lodge skillets, Instant Pot pressure cookers and even our favorite espresso machine ahead of Black Friday 2022.

Take advance of some of the best prices we've ever seen on top giftable products, including an Amazon Music Unlimited subscription and a Renpho eye massager.

Black Friday 2022: Shopping guide

What is Black Friday?

Black Friday is an annual sales event that traditionally happens at the end of November after Thanksgiving. This year, like has been the case in the past few years, retailers will offer some of the year's best online sales and deals.

According to History.com, Black Friday started back in 1869 when the price of gold decreased dramatically, causing Wall Street financiers to lose millions. The day came to be known as "Black Friday." Over time, the day has evolved into a term for retailers to help ensure they would be able to finish the year in the black with strong profits. While the time between Thanksgiving and Christmas has signified shopping and heavy spending since the Great Depression, the recent rise of online shopping, which has intensified due to the pandemic, has hinted at the idea of Black Friday eventually evolving into “Black November.”

When is Black Friday 2022?

Black Friday 2022 falls on Friday, November 25. Cyber Monday 2022 will take place on Monday, November 28. Thanksgiving is the last Thursday of November, and each year Black Friday occurs the day following, with Cyber Monday following shortly after.

When do Black Friday 2022 sales start?

Broadly speaking, Black Friday starts as soon as Thanksgiving ends. However, every year, Black Friday sales start earlier and earlier. This year, we saw the first Black Friday sales begin toward the end of October. Today, you can shop tons of early Black Friday sales at Amazon for deals on kitchen gadgets, home goods, smart tech and more.

How long do Black Friday sales last?

Black Friday is followed directly by Cyber Monday on November 28, 2022. Technically speaking, as soon as Cyber Monday begins, Black Friday ends. The best discounts are usually limited to these two days (and the weekend between them); however, some deals stick around through the end of the following week.

What deals can we expect during Black Friday?

As in years past, Black Friday often matches and exceeds the best prices offered throughout the year. You can expect to save on nearly every product available, especially at Amazon. Whether you’re shopping for a new bed, the latest technology or a new winter coat, Black Friday 2022 will have your needs covered and Amazon will let you score some of the lowest prices of the year.

Make holiday shopping easy with help from our experts. Sign up for text message alerts to get deals, gift guides and shopping advice delivered straight to your phone.

The product experts at Reviewed have all your shopping needs covered. Follow Reviewed on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok or Flipboard for the latest deals, product reviews and more.

Prices were accurate at the time this article was published but may change over time.