There are many reasons why the Nintendo Switch OLED is in high demand, especially around Black Friday. Nintendo’s newly refreshed portable games console is better than its predecessor in almost every way – not to mention that the new OLED screen is an absolute delight.

But the deals have been hard to come by since release. Thankfully, since Black Friday 2022 is in full swing, we finally have our first Nintendo Switch OLED savings, and this one, in particular, is going to be very hard to beat in the coming deal-filled days.

Buy Nintendo Switch OLED and Switch Sports

Buy Nintendo Switch OLED and Pokemon

Over at Very, you can scoop up the Nintendo Switch OLED with a copy of Nintendo Switch Sports for just £299. Considering the console itself usually goes for its £310 RRP, you’re basically saving yourself £11 and getting a free game thrown in for good measure, too.

Nintendo Switch Sports not your style? Well, you can always sell it off to make even more money – secondhand retailer CeX currently buys it for £22 – or there’s an alternative deal at Very that costs a little more than the above listing but is still a great saving.

If you don’t mind spending £20 extra, you can pick up a Nintendo Switch OLED with Pokemon Scarlet and Pokemon Violet for just £329. That’s a huge saving of £60 compared to the price of the console itself and the Pokemon games as separate purchases. Both of these games sell for £40 each at CeX, too – just in case you didn’t fancy these, either.

Buy Nintendo Switch OLED and Switch Sports

Buy Nintendo Switch OLED and Pokemon

As for the console itself, we’re big fans of the Nintendo Switch OLED here at Expert Reviews. The larger, improved OLED display is the best thing about it, but the redesigned kickstand is a huge bonus, too. Don’t forget about the Nintendo game possibilities either: you can play all sorts of exclusive titles on the go, from Animal Crossing: New Horizons to Mario Kart 8 Deluxe.

Craving more savings? We’ve identified the very best Black Friday deals of the season so far, with a huge list of excellent bargains on laptops, TVs, phones and kitchen appliances. Whatever you’re in the market for, there’s almost certainly something on that page that fits the bill.