Best Buy Canada's Black Friday sale is just around the corner — 11 best deals to shop (Photo Illustration by Mateusz Slodkowski/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)

Black Friday is just around the corner, and if you're looking to save big on tech, you'll want to bookmark Best Buy Canada's Black Friday deals.

While Black Friday doesn't officially kick off until Friday, Nov. 25, shoppers can start to take advantage of the retailer's famous Cyber Week deals as early as Nov. 17.

Best Buy Canada Black Friday 2022 sale: What's included

Those familiar with Best Buy can attest that their Black Friday sale is not one to miss.

This year, shoppers can save up to $500 on select smart TVs, $1,000 on home gym equipment and hundreds of dollars in savings on Sonos, Breville, Dyson and LG devices.

For a sneak peek of what's included in the sale, check out (and bookmark!) the deals below. Just keep in mind that while you can browse (and add deals to your cart!), the prices won't go into effect until the date listed.

Best Buy Black Friday deals live Nov. 17

Fitbit Inspire 3 Fitness Tracker (Photo via Best Buy)

If keeping better track of your health and fitness falls among your 2023 New Year's resolutions, then the Fitbit Inspire 3 may be worth checking out. The fitness tracker monitors heart rate, tracks sleep quality, provides measurements for skin temperature and blood oxygen levels and more.

$90 $130 at Best Buy Canada

Samsung Galaxy Tab S8+ 12.4" 256GB Android 11 Tablet (Photo via Best Buy)

This 12.4-inch tablet boasts a Qualcomm 8540 8-core processor, 8GB RAM, and 256GB storage capacity. It's a "game-changer," raves one shopper. "Beautiful display, lightweight, fast and powerful."

$1,030 $1,250 at Best Buy

Best Buy Black Friday deals live Nov. 18

Lenovo IdeaPad 1 15.6" Laptop (Photo via Best Buy)

This Lenovo IdeaPad 1 laptop offers up to 9.5 hours of battery life, making it the perfect pick for students or people on the go.

$220 $400 at Best Buy Canada

Dyson V10 Animal+ Cordless Stick Vacuum (Photo via Best Buy Canada)

This top-rated Dyson vacuum cleaner has earned an average rating of 4.6 stars from Best Buy shoppers. "This is the best vacuum ever," according to one reviewer.

$650 $750 at Best Buy Canada

LG 75" 4K UHD HDR LED webOS Smart TV (Photo via Best Buy Canada)

Give your home entertainment system a serious upgrade this winter with the LG webOS smart TV. The 75-inch TV uses smart AI to bring you personalized movie and TV recommendations, crisp 4K picture quality and an immersive sound experience.

$900 $1,400 at Best Buy Canada

Breville Barista Express Impress Espresso Machine (Photo via Best Buy)

Save yourself a trip to the coffee shop with this luxe espresso machine. The unit is equipped with a conical burr grinder, an easy-to-use tamping mechanism, a nine-bar extraction system and a Thermocoil heating system to ensure professional-quality results every time.

$1,000 $1,300 at Best Buy Canada

Breville Smart Oven Air Fryer Convection Toaster Oven (Photo via Best Buy Canada)

Bake cookies, proof dough, and even air fry your favourite meals in this reviewer-loved Breville Smart Oven. It's "so much more" than a regular toaster oven, according to one shopper. After dehydrating fruit, roasting meat and cooking pizza, they write that "everything came out flawlessly."

$500 $630 at Best Buy Canada

Nautilus T618 Folding Treadmill (Photo via Best Buy Canada)

For a limited time, Best Buy shoppers can save a whopping $1,001 on this Nautilus T618 folding treadmill. The unit is Bluetooth-enabled, so you can connect with others or track your progress. When not in use, it folds up neatly for storage.

$999 $2,000 at Best Buy Canada

Best Buy Black Friday deals live Nov. 20

Therabody Theragun Prime Handheld Percussive Massage Device (Photo via Best Buy)

Instantly relieve and ease your tight muscles with the Theragun Prime percussive massage device. Shoppers say it's "more than powerful enough" and call it a "great" device.

$250 $400 at Best Buy Canada

Skullcandy Indy Evo In-Ear Sound Isolating Truly Wireless Headphones (Photo via Best Buy Canada)

Starting Nov. 18, Best Buy Canada shoppers can save 50 per cent on these in-ear sound-isolating headphones. They're "comfortable" and "sound nice," according to one reviewer.

$50 $100 at Best Buy Canada

Sonos Arc Sound Bar (Photo via Best Buy)

Bring theatre-quality audio to your living room with this Sonos Arc sound bar. The unit is equipped with 11 high-performance drivers, filling your space with rich bass.

$880 $1,100 at Best Buy Canada

Let us know what you think by commenting below and tweeting @YahooStyleCA! Follow us on Twitter and Instagram.