Published 11/13/2022, 3:18 PM +04

Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment and Avalanche Software revealed several new Gameplay details on Hogwarts Legacy, their latest game based in the Harry Potter universe. This game has been on the list of many Harry potter fans ever since it was revealed a while ago. And that excitement was accompanied by a lot of questions.

ADVERTISEMENT Article continues below this ad

In Hogwarts Legacy, players play an original character that they create themselves. They attend classes in the Wizardry school, and they also embark on adventures. There are mysteries to solve, magic spells to learn, and potions to mix.

ADVERTISEMENT Article continues below this ad

Character Creation Tool has a lot to offer

The Developer showcase started with a presentation of the character creation tool, its presets, its numerous hairstyles, and even the kind of voice and your character’s pitch. Then the game’s director and community manager went ahead and showed us the combat and gave us the details on what is what on the HUD.

A minimap, a spell diamond, and four slots where players can assign the spells that they learn. According to the developers, the game would have over 20 slot-able spells. A slot for an essential spell, where players can assign some essential spells. Other things they refrained from revealing, as it would spoil the story in some way.

Then we got a very close look at the Hufflepuff common room, where the developers pointed out that every special area in Hogwarts would have its own unique theme. Starting from Hufflepuff Room, they gave us a detailed look at some of the game’s locations.

During the tour, we also got a look at side quests and collectibles. All these things really come together to make the player’s time in Hogwarts very immersive. As per the developers, everything that players do actually helps them with in-game academics too.

ADVERTISEMENT Article continues below this ad

Side quests in Hogwarts Legacy define your class

The developers explained how they used side quests to make the world more livable and fleshed out. Side quests also help characters elevate their spells. This gives players an option to go with their choice of spells, in turn, advance toward their choice of class.

In Hogwarts Legacy, Side quests you do define your class, by leveling up your respective spells. The developers have been working hard to bring Hogwarts to life, and they seem to have succeeded too.

ADVERTISEMENT Article continues below this ad

For all the fans eagerly waiting, the game will be launching on February 10, 2023, for PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X, Series X, Xbox One, Switch and PC.

Watch Now- Which Classes Are Hogwarts Legacy Fans Guaranteed to Experience in the Widely Hyped Game