Tactics Ogre: Reborn is all about Classes. Players can pick and choose what Classes they would like characters to assume as they fill out their roster. However, not all Classes are available immediately, and instead unlock over time or through unique conditions.

Below are the list of available Classes in Tactics Ogre: Reborn. Please keep in mind that some of these Classes have unique unlocks and certain NPCs have unique classes that cannot be used by generic party members. Almost all of these Classes can be obtained in the Shop after certain conditions have been met.

Warrior – Immediately Available in Chapter 1

Archer – Immediately Available in Chapter 1

Cleric – Immediately Available in Chapter 1

Wizard/Enchantress – Immediately Available in Chapter 1

Rune Fencer – Immediately Available in Chapter 1

Valkyrie – Immediately Available in Chapter 1

Berserker – Available in Chapter 2

Beast Tamer – Available in Chapter 2

Terror Knight – Available in Chapter 2

Knight – Available in Chapter 2

Sword Master – Available in Chapter 2

Ninja/Kunoichi – Available in Chapter 2 (Neutral/Chaos) or Chapter 3 (Law)

Dragoon – Available in Chapter 3

Rogue – Available in Chapter 4

Fusilier – Available in Chapter 4

Warlock/Witch – Available in Chapter 4

Necromancer – Available in Chapter 4

Lich – Use Ring of the Dead on Floor 41 of Palace of the Dead, will transform a Human unit into a Lich. (UNIQUE UNLOCK)

Divine Knight – Use ‘Ensanguined Rood’ item on an ally Skeleton or Ghost Unit on Floor 3 of San Bronsa Ruins to convert into Divine Knight. (UNIQUE UNLOCK)

This is the list of Classes that can be used by Human units in Tactics Ogre: Reborn. However, keep in mind that you can recruit Beasts, Demi-Humans, Dragons, and Golems. Each of these unit types come with their set of Classes, which are actually designated by what type of monster they fall under. For example, the Gryphon is a type of Beast sub-class.

Tactics Ogre: Reborn is available on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, PC, and Nintendo Switch.