Each year, smartphone makers launch their newest flagship phones, asking folks to shell out close to, and often more than, $1,000 for the privilege. While these fancy phones get the glory, lower-priced ones get the majority of sales, at least in the Android sphere.

And no wonder. One of the best things about buying a new Android smartphone is that users have many, many choices, particularly in the budget-to-midrange category. But if you don’t have the cash to pony up for a flagship phone, what can you expect in terms of quality and value?

I’ve been exploring into the world of “affordable” Android phones for a while, and by that I mean devices that sell between $200 and $500. In that range, you’re still apt to get a smartphone with decent performance, acceptable build quality, a good display, a good-enough camera system and the ability to make a 5G data connection.

But these are cheaper phones for a reason. Corners get cut to shave costs; it helps to understand this when you start shopping for a budget device. Expectations must be tempered.

Earlier this year, my oldest adult kid’s Samsung Galaxy S9 died, and they didn’t have the cash at the time for a new one. I bought as a gift a Samsung Galaxy A13 5G, which sells for just under $200. It’s a “good enough” phone with a 6.5-inch LCD display, 5G connectivity, a 50-megapixel main camera and expandable storage up to one terabyte. They liked the performance and the 5G speed but thought the screen was a little dim and they weren’t pleased with the camera’s low-light abilities.

Still, the A13 shows up on a lot of tech publications’ “best affordable Android phones” lists, though often toward the bottom.

Anshel Sag, a principal analyst whose focus includes mobile devices at the Austin-based Moor Insights & Strategy market research firm, said all the makers of Android phones sell devices in this price category, and some of them have several budget models.

“Samsung has the A series, Motorola has the G, OnePlus has the N300, ZTE has the Axon and Google has the Pixel 6a,” Sag said, adding that TCL and Nokia also play in this space.

These phones sell so well, he said, that “these devices are how (manufacturers) hit revenue targets and device volumes.”

And that’s only in the United States. Affordable phones are also best-sellers globally, and other brands – most notably Chinese – focus on this tier but aren’t available here.

Sag said there are specific areas where smartphone makers cut corners to keep the price down. Among the most common:

The system-on-a-chip that provides performance and capabilities is often lower-end or from an older generation, and manufacturers scrimp on memory and storage. That’s why lower-priced devices fall behind in benchmark scores, but for everyday uses they’re just fine. (However, some lower-end phones still have memory-card slots that are missing from flagships, so storage can be added.)

Display size and resolution are typically less than on premium phones, particularly those at the lower end of the affordability spectrum.

On the high end, smartphone cameras drive a lot of sales. But further down the price ladder, most budget-phone cameras are mediocre at best. And I’ve found that, if a low-cost device has multiple cameras on the back, the primary camera is the one to use, the others are best to avoid.

Build quality is often noticeably weaker on lower-end phones. Where there’s a lot of aluminum and metal on devices at the top spots, down below you’ll find bodies made mostly of plastic.

Although most new affordable phones come with 5G capabilities, very few support the super-fast millimeter wave, or mmWave, flavor of 5G. Sag says the antennas for that are pricey, adding $80-$100 to the cost of a phone.

Battery capacity is often shaved in this category, but not too much, because users are quick to complain about a phone that lacks staying power.

"Battery capacity is the No. 1 user metric,” Sag said. If it’s weak “it’s the first thing that irks people when they get a new phone.”

One other way smartphone makers scrimp: Being stingy with operating system upgrades. In some cases at the lowest end, they provide none. While no Android phone manufacturer matches Apple’s record of providing iPhones with iOS updates for five to seven years, it’s now more common to see promises of multi-year updates on flagship Android phones.

But there is one way to get a better Android phone without paying a ton, and that’s to find a flagship device or one that’s higher up the price ladder from a previous year – or look for a high-end model that’s used but not too old, or is refurbished. Year-old flagships are often heavily discounted and can come close to the prices you find at the top of the affordable category, Sag said.

“They blow away any of these phones even though they might be a year older because they're still flagship tier devices,” he said. (This is true. My kid with the gifted A13 says the now-discarded S9, which launched four years ago, had a much better camera. The A13 was introduced in March 2022.)

Refurbished models of the S21 Ultra, 2021’s top-of-the-line Samsung phone can be found for under $500 on Amazon. Refurbished models of 2021’s Google Pixel 6 are available for under $400.

Of course, if you buy an older Android phone, either new or used, you’re giving up a number of operating system upgrade cycles. An S21 would have only two years of upgrades left.

In hindsight, I should have opted to buy a slightly older phone for my child-in-distress. Live and learn.