The Plus moniker — brought back by Apple for the first time in five years — clearly implies that this is big phone. And it actually is when you compare it to the iPhone 14 but the thickness of the two phones remain same at 7.8mm. Like the iPhone 14, the Plus variant is made from aluminium and glass, which means none of that shiny stainless steel that you get with the Pro models. Though that does go in its favour as compared to the iPhone 14 Pro Max, the iPhone 14 Plus is less weighty. 203 grams isn’t light per se but easily manageable. In fact, it also feels much lighter than the smaller iPhone 14 Pro, which weighs just three grams more than the iPhone 14 Plus.

Apple offers the iPhone 14 Plus in midnight, starlight, purple, PRODUCT (Red) and an all-new blue colour. Our review unit was the new blue colour that will certainly catch the fancy of most buyers as it looks strikingly good. Though I am told that the PRODUCT (Red) variant is also something else as it’s much brighter than any other red colour iPhone Apple has made.

Make no mistake that the iPhone 14 is a big phone and it looks great. The grip is sturdy — at time slippery — and it does feel big in your hands, which means that for many there will be a sense of fatigue. Apple has been in between what they call a rock and a hard place. The iPhone ‘mini’ experiment fizzled out as clearly people don’t want smaller phones. Even thought I felt that after improving the battery in iPhone 13 mini, the small phone was a really good option for many because of its size and the fact that it was cheaper.

The trade-off here clearly is the big screen and even though size may not matter for some, when it comes to phones, it clearly does. But whether it is a good thing or not, depends on your preference. Some do feel that the iPhone 14’s 6.1-inch display is the ideal size whereas for some it feels rather small. The iPhone 14 Plus will be the choice for those who don’t want a relatively small iPhone.

You get the Ceramic Shield on the screen, IP68 water-resistance rating, which makes it rather sturdy. The rear panel doesn’t get “surgical grade” steel instead gets “aerospace grade” aluminium. Chances are that most people will end up buying a cover for the iPhone 14 Plus.

The iPhone 14 Pro features a 6.7-inch Super Retina XDR OLED display with 2778 x 1284 resolution. You don’t get the swish all-new Dynamic Island as that’s reserved for the Pro models only. The Pro models also offer other features like ProMotion — Apple’s version of 120Hz refresh rate — and the Always-on display.

Apart from that, the differences are rather minimal. The contrast levels are deep, colour reproduction is great and overall it adopts a warm tone, which is a delight to look at. The iPhone 14 Plus offers up to 1200 nits of brightness, which means it doesn’t get as bright in sunlight as the Pro models but is still bright enough.

If you are viewing content on the iPhone 14 Plus and put the iPhone 14 Pro next to it, chances are you won’t notice any difference at all. However, during the day-to-day usage, the 60Hz refresh rate does look a bit dated. The iPhone 14 Plus doesn’t feel as smooth as the iPhone 14 Pro while scrolling but nothing that looks odd. Having said that, it is high time Apple starts offering better refresh rate for the non-Pro models. If ProMotion is meant for Pro models then there has to be a middle ground as almost every Android phone maker offers better refresh rate even in mid-range phones.