Syracuse, N.Y. — The Syracuse football team takes on the No. 23 Florida State Seminoles at 8 p.m. Saturday in the JMA Wireless Dome.

The game will air on ACC Network.

See in-game team and individual stats here.

Note: Refresh this page throughout Syracuse’s game vs. Florida State to see the latest updates

Final: Florida State 38, Syracuse 3

Syracuse lost its fourth game in a row, adding another submission to what has become an annual clunker in November.

The 38-3 loss to Florida State was the 11th loss of 30 or more points under Dino Babers and first since a 41-3 loss at Louisville a year ago.

This reminded of another trip to Louisville: The 2020 debacle in which a wounded SU outfit limped into Cardinal Stadium with JaCobian Morgan quarterbacking an undermanned roster before promptly losing, 30-0.

Two years — and an offensive coordinator change — later, and SU is again wondering what has happened to its offense down the stretch.

It’s not just bad.

It’s unwatchable.

With starting quarterback Garrett Shrader back in the lineup, SU carried just 74 yards of offense into the fourth quarter, nudging the final tally up on the last drive of the game when the backups were playing.

Even then, the lasting image is a disorganized mess. With the game clock expiring and the ball on the 1-yard line, SU rushed to the line to desperately punch in a late score.

It couldn’t get the snap off in the time.

The fans who stayed delivered a few more audible boos, which combined with the war chant FSU fans broke out in the fourth quarter to provide the soundtrack to a miserable day in the dome.

Fourth quarter

Syracuse drive starts 3:04 at own 34-yard line

Carlos Del Rio-Wilson and LeQuint Allen are SU’s backfield to finish this off.

Syracuse moves all the way down to the 1-yard line and tries to get one last snap off at the horn to punch it in.

It can’t.

That’s it.

Florida State drive starts 7:53 at own 38-yard line

CJ Campbell with a bug burst up the middle across midfield.

Are we looking at back-to-back 45-3 road wins by Florida State?

That’s a great catch by Kentron Poitier to keep his feet inbounds down near the red zone.

Rodemaker ties to find Malik McClain, who cannot keep his feet inbounds in the end zone.

FSU will go for it on 4th-and-21 from the SU 34-yard line to keep things moving.

Syracuse drive starts 10:22 at own 7-yard line

Shrader and the first-team offense are still on the field despite FSU calling it a night.

Kalan Ellis is down on the field, and he’s hobbling off with the help of the training staff.

The Florida State — loudly — break out the war chant.

On the next play, Shrader is hit from behind by Amari Gainer and loses the football. SU recovers.

Shrader heaves one deep to Tucker, who blew by his defender, but the pass is out of reach.

That sums it all up.

Florida State drive starts 13:56 at own 42-yard line

Florida State picks up a first down before having its drive stall out just across midfield.

Syracuse drive starts 15:00 at own 33-yard line

Shrader connects to Damien Alford, and Syracuse has its fourth first down of the game near midfield.

Shrader is intercepted by Greedy Vance Jr.

Kalan Ellis and Matthew Bergeron with a little hop and skip coming off the field.

Third quarter

END OF THIRD QUARTER: Florida State 38, Syracuse 3

Florida State drive starts 3:47 at own 38-yard line

Sorry, I’ve been trying to research the fewest yards Syracuse has accumulated in a single game.

It is at 74 yards of offense after three quarters.

Tate Rodemaker is in the game for the Seminoles.

Ryan Fitzgerald misses a 51-yard field goal.

Syracuse drive starts 5:21 at own 25-yard line

Tucker has passed Larry Csonka to move into fourth place on the school’s career rushing list.

A healthy amount of boos here now as Syracuse goes three-and-out yet again.

Maybe the worst offensive showing since the Louisville debacle in 2020.

SCORE UPDATE: Florida 34, Syracuse 3 with 5:21 remaining third quarter

Florida State drive starts 10:14 at own 29-yard line

On 3rd-and-4, JT Geer is called for offsides. That’s automatic first down.

Trey Benson is up to 136 yards on 15 carries. He misses his first touchdown by a foot. After a couple rushes up the gut that results in a net of no gain, Florida State trots on to go for it on fourth down, then calls timeout to talk it over.

On 4th-and-goal from the 3-yard line, FSU pulls out the trick play to rub salt on the wound. The Seminoles run a variation of the “Philly Special” and Travis catches the short touchdown lob from Wyatt Rector.

Travis has accounted for all five touchdowns. He’s not caught one, to go along with his rushing score and passing scores earlier.

This has turned into a Senior Night slaughter.

Syracuse drive starts 11:37 at own 25-yard line

Tucker has had some hard runs tonight. He’s been slowed by his own line at times, including a big gain called back as a result of a penalty.

Here’s another one called back on an illegal formation: Only four players in the backfield.

Syracuse goes three-and-out.

The Orange has just three first downs tonight. Just one offensive drive has lasted more than three plays.

SCORE UPDATE: Florida 31, Syracuse 3 with 11:37 remaining third quarter

Florida State drive starts 14:59 at SU 42-yard line

Syracuse tries an onside kick to open the half, but FSU recovers at the Syracuse 42-yard line.

Trey Benson added to his 8.3 yards per carry average in the first half with a 24-yard run on his first touch of the half.

FSU sets up 1st-and-goal from the 8-yard line: Toafili tries to beat Simmons to the corner but can’t. Toafili then charges ahead to get to the 5-yard line.

On third down, Travis hits Kentron Poitier for the 5-yard touchdown.

Travis has accounted for all four FSU touchdowns tonight.

Boundary safety Ja’Had Carter is injured on the extra point. He can’t put any weight on his left leg.

Halftime: Florida State 24, Syracuse 3

Syracuse got its starting quarterback back, but its offense is still stuck in neutral.

The Orange amassed just 61 yards of offense on 26 plays in the first half.

Florida State entered the game red hot and is on the verge of a third-straight win of at least 20 points.

The Seminoles’ quarterback, Jordan Travis, completed 17 of 18 passes for 127 yards and has accounted for all three scores (two pass, one rush). Trey Benson has averaged 8.3 yards per carry.

Second quarter

SCORE UPDATE: Florida State 24, Syracuse 3 with 0:00 remaining second quarter

Florida State drive starts 4:39 at own 17-yard line

After a couple touches for Benson netting 10 yards, Jordan Travis gets the edge and picks up a first down near midfield.

The Seminoles can put an exclamation point on a standout first half with a score here late in the first half.

More heavy usage with Benson and a completion to Douglas moves the ball to the SU 11-yard line. Benson is up to 66 yards on eight carries.

With 20 seconds left in the half, Travis finds Mycah Pittman over the middle for a modest gain to the SU 7-yard line. Florida State spends its second timeout of the half with 13 seconds remaining.

Travis is brought down for a loss with 5 seconds left. Norvell takes his final timeout, and Florida State will kick a field goal to close the half.

After a couple false start penalties — and Syracuse’s final timeout — the kick is good from 40 yards.

Syracuse drive starts 5:47 at own 35-yard line

Florida State’s kick goes out of bounds.

A 20-yard gain by Tucker is wiped off the board by a penalty by Bergeron.

Shrader is under pressure again, and another holding call on SU, this one on Mang. FSU will decline, and Max Von Marburg will punt it away.

Shrader is 3-for-8 for 34 yards. Syracuse has 61 yards of offense and is averaging 2.3 yards per play to FSU’s 6.3.

SCORE UPDATE: Florida State 21, Syracuse 3 with 5:47 remaining second quarter

Florida State drive starts 5:55 at SU 24-yard line

Another big penalty on Wes Hoegh on special teams.

Travis goes to the matchup on the perimeter again — this time it’s Johnny Wilson on Chestnut, and Wilson slips the tackle and scores from 24 yards out.

Syracuse drive starts 7:54 at own 5-yard line

Wes Hoeh gets called for holding on the first play of the drive. Max Mang comes on.

Shrader has to throw it away from his own end zone. Mike Norvell wants grounding in the end zone but no call.

On 3rd-and-9 from its own 6-yard line, Shrader finds Damien Alford, but he is a couple yards shy of the sticks.

Syracuse’s offense goes three-and-out for the fourth time on five drives, including a missed field goal earlier in the quarter.

Florida State drive starts 11:00 at own 35-yard line

After all that, FSU actually nets 10 yards after turning the ball over.

Trey Benson with back-to-back runs to move the chains near midfield.

Jason Simmons Jr. blows up an RPO out wide to Lawrance Toafili, then SU sniffs out the screen to Benson for back-to-back TFLs.

On 3rd-and-14, Travis finds Markeston Douglas, but the tight end has to adjust to the throw and loses his footing well short of the first-down marker.

Trebor Pena makes a fair catch at the 5-yard line.

Syracuse drive starts 12:52 at FSU 23-yard line

Tucker motions out wide, and Shrader throws it him, but FSU jumps all over it for a short loss.

Shrader then gives the read to Tucker, but Joshua Farmer is there to throw Tucker back for another loss.

On 3rd-and-16, Verse sacks Shrader for three-straight negative plays on the drive.

Strip-sack to get the ball at the +23 and three-straight negative plays before Szmyt’s 53-yard field-goal attempt hits the ‘U’ in the end zone.

Florida State drive starts 13:32 at own 25-yard line

Syracuse’s defense confused getting aligned when FSU begins its drive here.

Derek McDonald comes off the left side and strips Travis. Justin Barron recovers the fumble.

SCORE UPDATE: Florida State 14, Syracuse 3 with 13:32 remaining second quarter

Syracuse drive starts 2:26 (first quarter) at own 25-yard line

On 3rd-and-11 from the FSU 16-yard line, Shrader scrambles but it taken down by Kalen DeLoach after a 4-yard gain.

Don’t think field goals down in the red area are going to do it tonight.

Andre Szmyt sinks the 30-yard field goal.

First quarter

END OF FIRST QUARTER: Florida State 14, Syracuse 0

Syracuse drive starts 2:26 at own 25-yard line

Sean Tucker breaks loose for a 16-yard gain on the first play of the drive.

Shrader is still not the threat on the ground that he was pre-injury. But he has more control in the offense and is decisive with the ball.

He shakes off a facemask by Dennis Briggs Jr. near the end of the first quarter and then floats one out to Gadsden for a first down. Tack on the penalty yardage, and SU moves all the way up to the FSU 15-yard line as the first quarter comes to a close.

SCORE UPDATE: Florida State 14, Syracuse 0 with 2:26 remaining first quarter

Florida State drive starts 4:40 at own 48-yard line

Second-straight possession FSU opens near midfield.

Jordan Travis uses his legs to evade Kevon Darton, who was closing in quickly. He finds Ja’Khi Douglas for a 16-yard gain just to the edge of the red zone.

Travis then locates Jeremiah Wilson matched up one-on-one with Malik McClain, who easily beats him for the 15-yard touchdwon.

Florida State rolling here in the first quarter.

Syracuse drive starts 6:20 at own 8-yard line

Enrique Cruz Jr. in at right tackle, sliding Dakota Davis out to left guard for Kalan Ellis.

Syracuse calls its first timeout after some confusion at the line of scrimmage.

Out of the timeout, a high snap just throws off the timing on the inside give to Tucker, resulting in a short gain.

On 3rd-and-4, Shrader tries to find Oronde Gadsden II in man coverage, but Renardo Green is there for the PBU.

Florida State drive starts 8:10 at SU 47-yard line

Alijah Clark back in the lineup for the Orange tonight. He did not travel to Pittsburgh last week.

A holding penalty puts FSU behind the chains early in the drive before gets it back with a completion to Camren McDonald to bring up third down.

On 3rd-and-8 from the SU 45-yard line, Travis looks toward Johnny Wilson, who had an opening to make a catch after Duce Chestnut slips.

FSU will punt.

Syracuse drive starts 10:07 at own 25-yard line

FSU having Albany-transfer Jared Verse as a stand-up defensive end. He makes the first tackle of the series. Verse then bounces Tucker outside, but FSU has great leverage and Renardo Green stops Tucker for a loss of 4.

Shrader has no chance on third down. He’s quickly dropped for another loss by Patrick Payton and Verse.

Syracuse goes and three-and-out again. A short punt puts FSU in plus-territory to open its second possession.

The Orange has minus-3 yards through two possessions.

SCORE UPDATE: Florida State 7, Syracuse 0 with 10:07 remaining first quarter

Florida State drive starts 13:27 at own 28-yard line

Jordan Travis goes to the quick game out wide to Mycah Pittman. Trey Benson breaks loose through a huge hole off the left end for a 27-yard gain across midfield.

Mikel Jones can’t bring down Pittman on the quick give after motioning across the formation. Another chunk play for the Seminoles.

Travis then finds his tight end leaking out for a 14-yard gain to move the ball down to the SU 12-yard line.

The Seminoles marching right down the field with relative ease here in the early going.

Travis keeps it himself on third down for the 3-yard touchdown run.

FSU goes 72 yards in 3:20.

Syracuse drive starts 15:00 at own 25-yard line

Syracuse has opened with the first possession in all 10 games of the season.

Garrett Shrader is back in the starting lineup after missing the last six quarters of action. After an incomplete pass and 6-yard rush by Sean Tucker, Shrader has no where to go with the ball and is taken down for a short gain.

The Orange goes three-and-out to start.

Pregame

Syracuse seniors and upperclassmen participating in the pregame ceremony: Sam Warren, Devaughn Cooper, Eric Coley, Dakota Davis, Carlos Vettorello, Aaron Bolinsky, Andre Szmyt, Chris Elmore, Garrett Williams, Matthew Bergeron and Mikel Jones.

Syracuse quarterback Garrett Shrader was out earlier during warm-ups and looked better than he did a week ago at Pittsburgh. He was a bit bouncier and didn’t seem to labor when he planted his feet and set up his platform to throw the ball.

He is working behind first-team center Carlos Vettorello as we get closer to kickoff.

Shrader’s availability tonight against a fast Florida State team would likely improve the Orange’s chances at trying to score an upset on Senior Night. Shrader has not played since the first half of a 41-24 loss to Notre Dame on Oct. 29.

A win would give the Orange (6-3, 3-2 ACC) a second regular-season win against a ranked opponent for the first time since the 2001 season.

Syracuse has knocked off a ranked team in four of Dino Babers’ seven seasons, including a 24-9 win against North Carolina State last month.

The No. 16 Wolfpack, the third-highest ranked team in the ACC, just lost to a 2-7 Boston College club tonight, 21-20.

MORE ORANGE FOOTBALL

Syracuse football no-shows on Senior Night vs. Florida State (Axe’s best? and worst)

Florida State steamrolls Syracuse 38-3 on Senior Night in lackluster showing by all three phases

You Grade the Orange: Rate Syracuse football performance vs. Florida State

Syracuse football box score vs. Florida State

You could be seeing these Syracuse players for the final time in the JMA Dome against Florida State

Kevon Darton measures up at a grueling position, dedicated to his dream even after Dad’s cancer diagnosis

Andre Szmyt, the 2018 Lou Groza Award winner, is a semifinalist for the award again

Syracuse Orange fans:

How to watch and stream | Syracuse football tickets | Syracuse football gear