South Florida Sun Sentinel's Chris Perkins and Dave Hyde make their pick for Sunday's game against the Cleveland Browns and discuss if the defense will hold up. (, /South Florida Sun Sentinel)

DOLPHINS (6-3) vs BROWNS (3-5)

Kickoff: 1 p.m., Sunday, Hard Rock Stadium

Advertisement

TV: CBS (Chs. 4 in Miami-Dade, Broward; 12 in Palm Beach); RADIO: WQAM (560 AM), KISS (99.9 FM), WQBA (1140 AM, Spanish)

Coaches: The Dolphins’ Mike McDaniel is 6-3 in his first season as a head coach; Kevin Stefanski is 23-20, including playoffs, in his third season as Browns coach.

Advertisement

Series: The Dolphins lead the all-time series with the Browns, 11-9, including 2-0 in postseason meetings.

Weather: 81 degrees, 63 percent humidity, 5 mph winds, 3 percent chance of precipitation.

Miami Dolphins - The Fins Flash Weekly Get updates on the Miami Dolphins, with insider info and analysis from our staff writers. >

Line: The Dolphins are a 3 1/2-point favorite; the over/under is 49 1/2.

[ RELATED: Dolphins winning while pursuing that elusive ideal performance ]

Injuries: Dolphins — Out: TE Hunter Long (concussion protocol); Questionable: T Terron Armstead (toe/Achilles), OL Austin Jackson (ankle/calf), QB Teddy Bridgewater (knee), TE Tanner Conner (knee); Reserve/PUP: CB Byron Jones (lower leg); Injured reserve: S Brandon Jones (knee), OL Liam Eichenberg (knee), CB Nik Needham (Achilles), DE Trey Flowers (foot), TE Cethan Carter (concussion), CB Trill Williams (knee), TE Adam Shaheen (knee), FB John Lovett; Browns — Out: TE David Njoku (ankle), LB Jeremiah Owusu-Koramoah (knee); Questionable: G Michael Dunn (back); Injured reserve: LB Jacob Phillips (pectoral), TE Jesse James (biceps), WR Jakeem Grant (Achilles) among 12 players on IR.

Noteworthy: The Dolphins look to win a fourth consecutive game, and get to 7-3 for the franchise’s best 10-game start since 2001 (also 7-3). ...

Miami goes into its bye week after Sunday’s game. The Browns are coming off their bye after defeating the Cincinnati Bengals, 32-13, on “Monday Night Football” their last time out on Oct. 31. ...

Dolphins quarterback Tua Tagovailoa is coming off his two highest-rated passing performances, 138.7 against the Detroit Lions on Oct. 30 and 135.7 at the Chicago Bears last Sunday. ...

Browns quarterback Jacoby Brissett gets his first meeting against Miami as a former Dolphin. He is completing 63.9 percent of passes for 1,862 yards, seven touchdowns and five interceptions as Cleveland’s starter in place of the suspended Deshaun Watson. ...

Advertisement

Brissett is a Dwyer High alum. The Browns also have South Florida ties with wide receiver Amari Cooper (Miami Northwestern High), tight ends David Njoku (UM) and Harrison Bryant (FAU) and practice squad wide receivers Mike Harley (UM, St. Thomas Aquinas High) and Anthony Schwartz (American Heritage High). Assistant GM and VP of player personnel Glenn Cook is a Chaminade-Madonna High and UM alum.