MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. -- Browns radio play-by-play voice Jim Donovan tested positive for COVID-19 and will not call Sunday’s game between the Browns and Dolphins. Jeff Phelps will fill in for the longtime voice of the Browns.

On the field, the Browns activated running back Jerome Ford on Saturday, leaving Demetric Felton Jr. the odd man out when it comes to the return game. Felton is inactive on Sunday and Ford will likely return kicks for the Browns.

Along with tight end David Njoku (ankle) and linebacker Jeremiah Owusu-Koramoah (knee) who were both ruled out on Friday, offensive lineman Michael Dunn (back) is inactive after being listed as questionable. Dunn has been the Browns’ extra offensive lineman throughout the season in jumbo packages.

Rookie defensive tackle Perrion Winfrey, who had an illness during the week but didn’t carry a game designation, is inactive for the second straight week. He was a full participant in practice on Friday, so it appears it’s another healthy scratch for Winfrey.

Quarterback Kellen Mond and cornerback Thomas Graham Jr. are also inactive.

Think you know football? Play the cleveland.com Pro Picks Challenge for a chance to win prizes! Click here: cleveland.com Pro Picks Challenge

-

Get the latest Browns merchandise: Here’s where you can order Cleveland Browns gear online, including jerseys, T-shirts, hoodies, hats and much more.

More Browns coverage

How Browns can slow Dolphins’ high-powered passing attack: Film Review

Browns at Dolphins: 3 things to watch and game picks for Sunday’s game

Now a Press Club Hall of Famer, Mary Kay Cabot never thought she’d be covering the Browns – Terry Pluto

Real or Phony? We will find out a lot about the Cleveland Browns in next few weeks – Terry Pluto

Kareem Hunt on close friend Tyreek Hill: ‘He might be the most competitive person I know other than me’

‘I don’t think you’ll find another room like it:’ Browns quiet receiver room content to let play do the talking

Browns defensive ends Myles Garrett and Jadeveon Clowney are feeling good as they head to Miami

Jadeveon Clowney: Browns fighting to remain in playoff contention for when Deshaun Watson returns

Browns head to Miami without David Njoku, Jeremiah Owusu-Koramoah: Berea Report

‘I thought it was a joke’: Browns legend Joe Thomas sounds off on Colts hiring Jeff Saturday as head coach

Browns LB Jeremiah Owusu-Koramoah and TE David Njoku ruled out for the Dolphins game

Why Browns at Dolphins could be a big game for Nick Chubb: Ashley Bastock

How Nick Chubb, Amari Cooper have driven Browns red zone success: Film Review

Browns at Dolphins: Preview, prop bets and game picks: Orange and Brown Talk

Browns defense will be challenged by more than vertical speed against the Dolphins: Takeaways

FanDuel Sportsbook STATES: OHIO PRE-LAUNCH BONUS PRE-REGISTER GET BONUS $100 + LAUNCH PROMO GET IT NOW

If you or a loved one has questions and needs to talk to a professional about gambling, call the Ohio Problem Gambling Helpline at 1-800-589-9966 or the National Council on Program Gambling Helpline (NCPG) at 1-800-522-4700.