The Odell Beckham Jr. sweepstakes may not drag on for much longer.

The 30-year-old wide receiver hopes to sign with his next NFL team by the end of November, according to ESPN.

Beckham is looking to “whittle down his current list of potential teams” sooner rather than later, which includes Bills, Cowboys, Chiefs, Giants, and 49ers, and wants to compete for a contender, per the report. Teams are also under the impression that Beckham “is looking for a multiyear deal.”

Though the Bills and Rams have been heavily recruiting Beckham since the summer, the Cowboys and Giants, his former team, have recently emerged as potential landing spots.

Earlier this week, Cowboys owner Jerry Jones praised Beckham during a radio appearance, sharing that he’d like to see the former first-round pick rocking the team’s silver and blue color scheme.

Odell Beckham Jr. (left) greets Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott on the field in September 2017. Getty Images

“Odell is someone that we have all the appreciation in the world for what he is as a competitor,” Jones said Tuesday on 105.3 “The Fan.”

“I know the Cowboys star on that helmet when he puts it on could look pretty good.”

Dallas superstars such as linebacker Micah Parsons and running back Ezekiel Elliott have also expressed their desire to welcome Beckham into the fold.

Odell Beckham Jr. (13) chats with Giants running back Saquon Barkley in October 2018. Charles Wenzelberg/New York Post

As for the Giants, where Beckham began his NFL career in 2014, the wideout’s pal and former teammate, running back Saquon Barkley, believes a return to New York would be a momentous chapter in Beckham’s already prolific story.

“There’s not really a sales pitch: It’s New York. It’s the Giants,” Barkley said. “He has familiar faces within this facility and in this locker room. Personally, I think it would be a great story to come back to a place where you were at before and continue to help build success, and come here with the right mindset and be a leader and be the type of player he can be for this team.”

Beckham recently mentioned the Giants — along with the Cowboys, Bills, and Packers — when discussing what he’s looking for in his next opportunity.

Odell Beckham Jr. runs with the ball during a Rams-Cardinals game on Jan. 17, 2022. Getty Images

“Whether it’s Buffalo, Green Bay calling, the Cowboys, reunion with the Giants, I want to be able to spill — not saying I’ve only got three or four left, but these next three to four years into something where I can buy a home, I can call this place home,” Beckham told Complex Sports.

Beckham has missed the first half of the 2022 season while recovering from a torn ACL he suffered in February during the Rams’ Super Bowl win.

Beckham joined the Rams last November following a messy split from the Browns. He originally landed in Cleveland in 2019 after being traded by the Giants.