IOWA CITY, Iowa — Columnist Jim Polzin grades the Wisconsin Badgers’ performance in their 24-10 loss to the Iowa Hawkeyes on Saturday at Kinnick Stadium.

Offense: F

Graham Mertz made one great throw — the touchdown to Keontez Lewis late in the first half — and a lot of bad ones. He had three turnovers in all, including an interception that was returned for a touchdown. The offensive line appeared to be getting better in recent weeks but took a major step back against Iowa. Trey Wedig really struggled and eventually was benched. Braelon Allen didn’t have a lot of holes to run through, but it didn’t help that he was tentative and seemed to go out of his way to avoid contact.

Defense: A-minus

Nick Herbig was a monster, especially in the first half, and finished with three of UW’s six sacks. The Badgers stopped the run and only gave up points when Iowa was handed great field position. The only knock on this group is it didn’t come up with a momentum-turning turnover on a day when UW desperately needed one thanks to the failure of its other two units.

Special teams: F

This group had six negative plays, an outrageously high number. The biggest: Getting a punt blocked, leading to an Iowa touchdown; punt returner Dean Engram letting the ball bounce and Iowa downing it at the 1; and giving up a 46-yard punt return that set up another touchdown for the Hawkeyes.

Coaching: C-minus

This loss will go on Jim Leonhard’s ledger, but it really can be traced back to two Paul Chryst problems: Namely that he didn’t do a good enough job of developing Mertz and/or finding someone who could be counted on if the decision was made to bench Mertz; and that he didn’t come up with a solution — or hire someone to come up with a solution — for an underperforming special teams unit. Bobby Engram didn’t offer much in the way of creative play-calling against the Hawkeyes. Then again, when a team can’t count on its quarterback and offensive line, what does an offensive coordinator have on his play sheet that can overcome that?

Overall: D-minus

Sorry defense, but your brethren on the other two units dragged down the team’s overall performance. As disappointing losses go, this one ranks right up there in the last decade or so.