Sunday updates will begin when teams start releasing official pregame inactives and starter information to the league. This is typically around 60-90 minutes prior to the kickoff of their game.

Weather forecasts are courtesy of The Football Database.

Week 10 gameday inactives, weather and notes

KEY GAME-TIME DECISIONS

Early games: QB Josh Allen (active), QB Ryan Tannehill (active), WR Brandin Cooks (active), WR Nico Collins (active)

Afternoon games: QB Kyler Murray, RB Ezekiel Elliott, QB Matthew Stafford

Sunday night:

Monday night:

Seattle Seahawks at Tampa Bay Buccaneers (in Munich at 9:30 a.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: 48 degrees, clear (retractable-roof dome)



Seahawks

Inactives: OT Jake Curhan, CB Teez Tabor, RB Tony Jones Jr., DL Bryan Mone and DL L.J. Collier



Lineup notes: WR Marquise Goodwin (groin) is questionable after limited work in practice, but he’ll be available.

Buccaneers

Inactives: DB Nolan Turner, TE Kyle Rudolph, QB Kyle Trask, DL Deadrin Senat, LB JJ Russell, WR Russell Gage Jr. and OT Luke Goedeke



Lineup notes: WR Russell Gage (hamstring) didn’t travel with the team and is out. TE Cameron Brate (neck) makes his return. WR Mike Evans (ribs, ankle) was limited all week, but he has no injury tag.

New Orleans Saints at Pittsburgh Steelers (1:00 p.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: 37 degrees, overcast, W 11 mph



Saints

Inactives: LB Pete Werner, S Marcus Maye, DE Marcus Davenport, OT Andrus Peat, RB Mark Ingram, WR Marquez Callaway and CB Marshon Lattimore



Lineup notes: RB Mark Ingram (knee) is out again. WR Jarvis Landry (knee) missed some practice time, but he’ll play. Star CB Marshon Lattimore (abdomen) is once again out, but New Orleans has played fairly well in his absence.

Steelers

Inactives: CB Ahkello Witherspoon, LB Mark Robinson, QB Mason Rudolph, S Elijah Riley, OG Kendrick Green and S Minkah Fitzpatrick



Lineup notes: LB T.J. Watt (pectoral) came off IR and will return this week. CB William Jackson (back) was placed on IR. CB Ahkello Witherspoon (hamstring) and S Minkah Fitzpatrick (appendix) have been ruled out. PK Chris Boswell (groin) was placed on IR, so Matthew Wright will handle the kicking chores.

Minnesota Vikings at Buffalo Bills (1:00 p.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: 39 degrees, 34% chance of light rain, WNW 12 mph



Vikings

Inactives: OG Chris Reed, DT Dalvin Tomlinson, LB Luiji Vilain, LB Benton Whitley, OT Vederian Lowe and DE Esezi Otomewo



Lineup notes: WR Adam Thielen (ankle) practiced Thursday and Friday, and he’s good to go.

Bills

Inactives: LB Baylon Spector, S Jordan Poyer, TE Tommy Sweeney, DE Gregory Rousseau, OT Justin Murray, CB Tre’Davious White and CB Kaiir Elam



Lineup notes: FS Jordan Poyer (elbow) is out once again. QB Josh Allen (elbow) did not warm up, and it’s still not clear whether he’ll actually play. If so, he may be on a pitch count.

Cleveland Browns at Miami Dolphins (1:00 p.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: 83 degrees, clear



Browns

Inactives: TE David Njoku, RB Demetric Felton, QB Kellen Mond, DB Thomas Graham, OL Michael Dunn, LB Jeremiah Owusu-Koramoah and DL Perrion Winfrey



Lineup notes: TE David Njoku (ankle) has been ruled out.

Dolphins

Inactives: QB Teddy Bridgewater, RB Myles Gaskin, CB Noah Igbinoghene, WR Erik Ezukanma, WR River Cracraft and TE Hunter Long



Lineup notes: WR Jaylen Waddle (shoulder) missed his usual practice time early in the week, but he’ll play.

Houston Texans at New York Giants (1:00 p.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: 48 degrees, mostly cloudy, NW 11 mph



Texans



Inactives: OT Austin Deculus, TE Brevin Jordan, CB Isaac Yiadom, LB Neville Hewitt and WR Tyron Johnson

Lineup notes: WR Nico Collins (groin) and WR Brandin Cooks (wrist) are active after receiving questionable labels. RB Dameon Pierce (chest, shoulder) mustered a full session in Friday and is good to go.

Giants

Inactives: TE Daniel Bellinger, LB Austin Calitro, OL Devery Hamilton, WR David Sills, OT Evan Neal and DE Quincy Roche



Lineup notes: TE Daniel Bellinger (eye) remains out. WR Kenny Golladay (knee) will be available. WR Richie James (concussion) practiced all week and will play.

Detroit Lions at Chicago Bears (1:00 p.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: 35 degrees, clear



Lions

Inactives: CB Chase Lucas, DE Austin Bryant, LB Malcolm Rodriguez, OT Matt Nelson, WR Josh Reynolds, DL Michael Brockers and CB Ifeatu Melifonwu



Lineup notes: WR Josh Reynolds (back) is also out. RB D’Andre Swift (ankle, shoulder) managed a full session in Friday and is good to go. TE Shane Zylstra was signed to the active roster.

Bears

Inactives: CB Harrison Hand, DE Al-Quadin Muhammad, OT Ja’Tyre Carter, OT Teven Jenkins, WR N’Keal Harry, WR Velus Jones Jr. and CB Kindle Vildor



Lineup notes: WR Byron Pringle was activated from IR.

Denver Broncos at Tennessee Titans (1:00 p.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: 40 degrees, clear



Broncos

Inactives: TE Andrew Beck, WR KJ Hamler, LB Baron Browning, CB Darius Phillips, RB Marlon Mack, OT Cameron Fleming, S Justin Simmons and DT Eyioma Uwazurike



Lineup notes: WR K.J. Hamler (hamstring) is out.

Titans

Inactives: DL Jeffery Simmons, S Amani Hooker, OG Jordan Roos, LB Bud Dupree, CB Kristian Fulton and WR Chris Conley



Lineup notes: LB Zach Cunningham (elbow) was placed on IR. LB Bud Dupree (hip), S Amani Hooker (shoulder) and DT Jeffery Simmons (ankle) have been ruled out. QB Ryan Tannehill (ankle) is active and will return to the starting lineup. WR Treylon Burks was activated from IR and should be on the field.

Jacksonville Jaguars at Kansas City Chiefs (1:00 p.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: 35 degrees, partly cloudy



Jaguars

Inactives: OG John Miller, S Tyree Gillespie, LB De’Shaan Dixon, WR Kendric Pryor and DB Tevaughn Campbell



Lineup notes: TE Evan Engram (back) was a full-go Friday and will play.

Chiefs



Inactives: WR Mecole Hardman, CB Nazeeh Johnson, OG Darian Kinnard, RB Ronald Jones, DE Joshua Kaindoh and QB Shane Buechele



Lineup notes: WR Mecole Hardman (abdomen) has been ruled out. RB Jerick McKinnon (shoulder, knee, hamstring) was limited Friday, though he’ll be available through a questionable tag. TE Travis Kelce (neck) practiced all week and is fine.

Indianapolis Colts at Las Vegas Raiders (4:05 p.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: Dome stadium



Colts

Inactives:

Lineup notes: RB Deon Jackson (knee) is out, and LB Shaquille Leonard (back, ankle) was placed on IR. TE Mo Alie-Cox (ankle) upgraded to limited Friday but remains questionable. RB Jonathan Taylor (ankle) practiced Friday and will play. WR Ashton Dulin was activated from IR, and RB Jordan Wilkins was elevated from the practice squad.

Raiders

Inactives:

Lineup notes: TE Darren Waller (hamstring) was placed on IR with a hamstring injury. WR Hunter Renfrow (oblique) is also on IR. QB Derek Carr (back) practiced Friday and will go.

Dallas Cowboys at Green Bay Packers (4:25 p.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: 35 degrees, mostly cloudy



Cowboys

Inactives:



Lineup notes: RB Ezekiel Elliott (knee) was limited all week and ruled questionable. He should have a good chance to play coming off the bye but will be a game-time call. WR Noah Brown (foot) and WR Michael Gallup (chest) practiced Friday and are good to go. RB Qadree Ollison was elevated to the 53-man roster.

Packers

Inactives:

Lineup notes: WR Romeo Doubs (ankle) is out with a high-ankle sprain. RB Aaron Jones (ankle), WR Allen Lazard (shoulder), QB Aaron Rodgers (right thumb) and WR Sammy Watkins (knee) all practice Friday and will play. CB Eric Stokes (knee) and LB Rashan Gary (knee) were placed on IR.

Arizona Cardinals at Los Angeles Rams (4:25 p.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: 67 degrees, clear (open-air dome)



Cardinals

Inactives:



Lineup notes: WR Marquise Brown (foot) and RB Darrel Williams (hip) are on IR. QB Kyler Murray (hamstring), S Budda Baker (ankle) and WR Greg Dortch (groin) were limited Friday and ruled questionable. For Murray, it could truly be a game-time decision, and he’s probably going to be limited on the ground if he goes. WR Rondale Moore (hand) is good to go.

Starting LG Max Garcia (shoulder) is out. OG Will Hernandez (pectoral) and C Rodney Hudson (knee) was placed on IR. LT D.J. Humphries (back) is questionable. PK Matt Prater (right hip, illness) also is questionable, and PK Tristan Vizcaino was signed to the active roster on Saturday.

Rams

Inactives:

Lineup notes: QB Matthew Stafford (concussion) was upgraded to limited in practice Friday and ruled questionable. It may be a tall task to be cleared to play Sunday, but it’s possible. RB Kyren Williams was activated from injured reserve. C Erik McCoy (calf) was placed on IR, while RB Jordan Howard was elevated to the active roster.

Los Angeles Chargers at San Francisco 49ers (8:20 p.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: 55 degrees, clear



Chargers

Inactives:

Lineup notes: WRs Keenan Allen (hamstring) and Mike Williams (ankle) are out again. WR DeAndre Carter (ribs) practiced all week and has no injury tag. RB Larry Rountree III was signed and PK Cameron Dicker was elevated from the practice squad. PK Dustin Hopkins (hamstring) will not play.

49ers

Inactives:

Lineup notes: WR Deebo Samuel (hamstring) practiced all week and will make his return. RB Elijah Mitchell and LB Azeez Al-Shaair were activated from IR.

Washington Commanders at Philadelphia Eagles (8:15 p.m. EST)

Kickoff Weather: 41 degrees, clear



Commanders

Lineup notes:

LB Cole Holcomb (foot) and RB J.D. McKissic (neck) have been ruled out. C Tyler Larsen (back) and OG Andrew Norwell (groin) are questionable. WR Jahan Dotson (hamstring), who avoided an injury designation, is expected to return after a pair of full sessions to close out the week of practice.

Eagles

Lineup notes: No injuries of fantasy relevance.