How are those NFL Week 10 DFS lineups coming? This is already shaping up to be one oddball slate as the NFL Injury Report is flush with some important names and the NFL news that is flowing in is, well…let's just say it's not great. Both Kyler Murray and Matthew Stafford are being called game-time decisions which obviously affects the pass-catchers in that game. Colt McCoy versus John Wolford just doesn't have the same ring to it. Then you have the Cowboys wanting to test out Ezekiel Elliott's knee during pre-game warm-ups and that means we aren't full ready to unleash Tony Pollard against the Green Bay Packers. Oh yeah, and a fella by the name of Josh Allen; he too is a game time decision. As if the weather in Buffalo wasn't bad enough, we now have to wait on whether or not we're getting some value out of Devin Singletary this week. All of this news is slowly coming in, so be prepared to make some pivots closer to game-time.

Now it's time to see how your build compares to some examples. As I've said before, there is more than one way to skin a cat and more than one way to build a winning DFS lineup. I've got some hand-built ones for both cash and GPP tournaments, but, if you have the time, I recommend using the NFL DFS Lineup Generator just to see what the computer has to say. I usually stick with what I've built by hand, but always like to run things by the computer and see if maybe I am overlooking a particular build. Sometimes it will put a player from the Playbook on your radar that you may not have been eyeballing. Sometimes it will show you that you were on the right track the whole time. Again, this is all a guideline and a helpful tool. Not the gospel.

Just a few notes here about the lineups below...

The cash lineups were built solely off the players I put in the Playbook. These are the guys who, unless I have indicated otherwise, offer up the higher floor and will help you cash in your Double-Ups and 50/50s. For GPP tournaments, particularly the large-field ones, you need to find alternative routes to the cash line. I will utilize players from the Playbook and the DFS Dart Board to fill in the gaps, but what I am looking for are some lower-owned stacks that make sense based on expected game flow and other news. You may also see in the GPP lineups, there may be some names I haven't discussed this week on the site, but have talked about during the week on the Fantasy Alarm Show or even on the Fantasy Alarm Sunday Gameday Show on SiriusXM Fantasy Sports Radio. You will also notice, though, that others on the site have mentioned some of these players in places such as the position coaches, so it's not like we're trying to hide anything from you. The only time, and I mean the only time you will see a player in a GPP lineup who hasn't been discussed is if we are using a stack and need a player from the other team coming back. But it's rare when that happens.

Again, these lineups are meant to serve as examples for you; a sounding board, as I said. They are not meant for you to plug in as your own. That's the lazy way and we don't condone it. We are trying to teach you how to be a better DFS player; we aren't lineup-sellers. You should be creating your own lineups using all the information we provide you throughout the week and then coming here to see if there is anything you may have missed or simply for an alternative perspective.

Best of luck to you this week and let's make some money!

SUNDAY MORNING NOTES:

According to Adam Schefter:

Rams are preparing as if No. 2 QB John Wolford will start Sunday's game against the Cardinals over Matthew Stafford

Kyler Murray (hamstring, questionable) is a true game-time decision for Sunday's game against the Rams.

Texans’ WR Brandin Cooks, listed as questionable for Sunday due to a wrist injury, made the trip to New York and is expected to play vs. the Giants

Steelers’ Pro-Bowl safety Minkah Fitzpatrick is expected to be out multiple weeks after undergoing an appendectomy Saturday.

Colts officially activated WR Ashton Dulin from the Injured Reserve list and placed LB Shaquille Leonard on the Injured Reserve list

Players expected to play Sunday include Jonathan Taylor, Aaron Jones, Kyren Williams, Elijah Mitchell, Kyle Juszczyk, Deebo Samuel, Jarvis Landry, Christian Watson, Ryan Tannehill, Evan Engram and T.J. Watt

Players out Sunday include Keenan Allen, Mike Williams, Arik Armstead, Cameron Dantzler, Dalvin Tomlinson, Jordan Poyer, Gregory Rousseau, Mark Ingram, Marshon Lattimore, Russell Gage, KJ Hamler, Baron Browning, Jeffery Simmons, Bud Dupree, Evan Neal, Anthony Barr, Rodney Hudson.

Other News:

NFL Network's Ian Rapoport reports the Titans expect QB Ryan Tannehill (ankle) to start in Week 10 against the Broncos.

Cowboys do not expect to finalize a decision on RB Ezekiel Elliott’s status against the #Packers until evaluating him pregame

Rams RB Kyren Williams (ankle) was activated from injured reserve.

KPRC Houston's Aaron Wilson reports Texans WR Nico Collins (questionable, core) is "trending toward being available" for Week 10 against the Giants.

Titans activated WR Treylon Burks from injured reserve.

Bears activated WR Byron Pringle from injured reserve.

POTENTIAL WEATHER CONCERNS:

MIN/BUF – Cold temperatures with potential for both rain and snow showers; winds at 15-20 mph

GPP STACKS:

As a reminder, when you're stacking in GPP, you always want to run someone back from the opposing team. One-sided games often turn to a running back seeing higher-than-usual volume or the back-ups start to play. For a stack to really pop, the other team needs to keep things competitive.

Chalk Stacks (Expect High Ownership):

*Chiefs: Patrick Mahomes, Travis Kelce, JuJu Smith-Schuster or Marquez Valdes-Scantling (Etienne or Kirk coming back)

*Dolphins: Tua Tagovailoa, Tyreek Hill, Jaylen Waddle or Mike Gesicki or Jeff Wilson (Chubb or Cooper or DPJ coming back)

*Bears: Justin Fields, Darnell Mooney, Chase Claypool or Cole Kmet or David Montgomery (St. Brown or J Williams coming back)

Cowboys: Dak Prescott, Tony Pollard, CeeDee Lamb or Michael Gallup or Dalton Schultz (Lazard or A Jones coming back)

Cardinals: Kyler Murray, DeAndre Hopkins, James Conner or Zach Ertz (Kupp coming back)

Possible Lower-Owned Stacks:

*Browns: Jacoby Brissett, Amari Cooper, Donovan Peoples-Jones or Nick Chubb or Kareem Hunt (Hill or Waddle coming back)

*Lions: Jared Goff, Amon-Ra St. Brown, Jamaal Williams or Jeffrey Mitchell or Kalif Raymond (Mooney or Claypool coming back)

Vikings: Kirk Cousins, Justin Jefferson, Dalvin Cook or Adam Thielen or TJ Hockenson (Singletary or Diggs coming back)

Bills: Josh Allen/Case Keenum, Devin Singletary, Stefon Diggs or Dawson Knox (Jefferson or Cook coming back)

Jaguars: Trevor Lawrence, Travis Etienne, Christian Kirk or Evan Engram (JuJu or MVS coming back)

Raiders: Derek Carr, Davante Adams, Josh Hacobs or Mack Hollins or Foster Moreau (Taylor or Pittman coming back)

Packers: Aaron Rodgers, Aaron Jones, Allen Lazard or Robert Tonya (Pollard or Lamb coming back)

Giants: Daniel Jones, Saquon Barkley, Wan'Dale Robinson (Pierce or Cooks coming back)

*Broncos: Russell Wilson, Jerry Jeudy, Courtland Sutton or Greg Dulcich (Henry coming back)

Saints: Andy Dalton, Alvin Kamara, Chris Olave (Pickens or D Johnson or Freiermuth coming back)

Dart Throw Stacks:

Texans: Davis Mills, Dameon Pierce, Brandin Cooks or Nico Collins (Barkley or Robinson coming back)

Steelers: Kenny Pickett, George Pickens, Diontae Johnson or Najee Harris or Pat Freiermuth (Kamara or Olave coming back)

*denotes favorite