Listen Comment on this story Comment Gift Article Share

STATE COLLEGE, Pa. — Terrapins Coach Michael Locksley knows this isn’t a rivalry. Penn State is one of Maryland’s nearest neighbors in the Big Ten, and the football programs share similar recruiting terrain, but to be true rivals, the games must be tightly contested. And Maryland can’t keep up with the Nittany Lions, with Saturday’s thrashing the latest blow in this lopsided series.

The Terrapins were dominated all afternoon in their 30-0 loss at Beaver Stadium. Maryland, which has just three wins in 46 attempts against Penn State, has rarely been competitive against the Big Ten’s best programs. The Terps seized an opportunity to beat a struggling Penn State team two years ago, but that was an anomaly. Performances similar to this one — familiar to the fan base but deflating each time — have instead been the norm.

Penn State commanded the line of scrimmage; Maryland couldn’t stop the run, and the Nittany Lions pressured quarterback Taulia Tagovailoa into an atrocious outing. No. 14 Penn State (8-2, 5-2 Big Ten) racked up 413 offensive yards compared with Maryland’s 134, most of which (107) came in the second half with the game out of hand. The Terps suffered their first shutout since 2019 when Penn State imposed its will in a 59-0 victory. Searching for positive takeaways from this four-quarter drubbing would be a futile task.

After a disappointing loss at Wisconsin last weekend, the Terps (6-4, 3-4) are mired in a losing streak for the first time this season — and their next test is against No. 2 Ohio State. The season finale against Rutgers could determine whether Maryland slumps to a winless November.

Advertisement

Locksley said his team shouldn’t panic, “but it is time that we, starting with myself, take a deep look at everything we’re doing — on offense, on defense, on special teams — and find a way to get us back on the right track.”

When asked what areas the team needed to scrutinize, Locksley listed: “Personnel, scheme, players, who’s on the field, who’s not on the field, every aspect of it, what we’re calling, how we’re calling it.”

Against Penn State, Maryland’s struggling offense stalled repeatedly and had only three drives that gained more than 20 yards. All three ended with failed attempts to convert on fourth down. Tagovailoa was sacked seven times, including twice by Chop Robinson, once a touted freshman for the Terps who is a sophomore for the Nittany Lions and was a captain for this game. Tagovailoa, usually the engine of the offense, finished with 74 passing yards, a new low in his Maryland career after setting his previous low (77) in his last outing in Madison, and he completed just 11 of 22 passes.

Advertisement

“It takes not just our quarterback to play great,” Locksley said. “It takes the players around him. It takes calling things that we can get executed.”

Backup quarterback Billy Edwards Jr. took the reins midway through the fourth quarter. After a Penn State turnover, the offense tried to string together a positive series to avoid the shutout, but Edwards came up short on fourth down and limped off the field.

The Nittany Lions, meanwhile, averaged 5.7 yards per play. Twice on fourth and short, freshman running back Nicholas Singleton sprung free for long touchdown runs. Singleton finished with a game-high 122 rushing yards, and fellow freshman Kaytron Allen added 73. Quarterback Sean Clifford (12 for 23, 139 yards) didn’t need to do much. Penn State’s dominance in the trenches was enough.

The Terps’ deficiencies were obvious early. They accumulated minus-15 yards through three possessions as Penn State’s pressure consistently bottled up Tagovailoa. The defense offered a blip of positivity by forcing a three and out early in the second quarter — only to be followed by an offensive drive that included a rush for a loss of four, a sack for a loss of 11, another sack for a loss of two and then a punt.

Advertisement

“We were on the field for a lot [of time],” defensive back Beau Brade said. “If the offense can’t get their thing going right away, we’ve got to step up and play for them, too.”

Just before halftime, the Terps mustered a stop that, in an ideal situation, could have given their offense a chance to score on a methodical, two-minute drive to close the quarter. But Maryland’s afternoon in State College was far from ideal and repeatedly unfolded as such.

On this Penn State punt, Dante Trader Jr. picked up a personal foul for roughing the kicker, gifting the Nittany Lions another opportunity. Despite an unsportsmanlike conduct call on Penn State Coach James Franklin (he punished himself with 15 push-ups on the sideline), the hosts grabbed three points with a 50-yard field goal. After a Maryland possession stalled quickly, Penn State got the ball again and this time drove 48 yards to kick another field goal.

By halftime, Maryland’s offense had amassed just 27 yards. The game had slipped out of reach. Penn State had forcefully proved it was the better team.

Advertisement

“It goes back to execution,” Locksley said of the offensive issues. “When you say that as a coach, automatically you think players, but no, it’s not just players. It’s everybody that’s involved with our offense, and I’m involved on a daily basis with it.”

For Maryland, this isn’t a Penn State problem. The trouble almost always resurfaces when the Terps play a top-tier opponent.

Since it joined the Big Ten in 2014, Maryland is 3-21 against the powers in its division — Michigan, Ohio State and Penn State. The losses have been decided by an average of 33 points, a stark reminder of the gap the Terps have yet to close. The Terps still haven’t beaten a ranked Big Ten team as a member.

Despite those high-profile letdowns that loom over the program, the Terps appeared to take a step forward this season. Maryland had strong outings early in the fall and managed to play a close game against still-undefeated Michigan. But the team regressed toward the familiar. The Terps were overmatched, and their weaknesses gave Penn State another opportunity to showcase its dominance over a regional foe.

GiftOutline Gift Article