Mississippi State head coach Mike Leach addressed the media follow the game with Georgia. Following is the transcript:

Question: What made Georgia’s defense so tough?

Leach: I thought we did some good things. There was a feel-out process to see what we’re capable of doing. They’re kind of a vaunted group. But I didn’t think it took us too long. Not really tentative, just a feeling out process. Then we started moving the ball quite well. We left two obvious scores out there, 14 points that wouldn’t be too tough to have. We did more good things than bad. But I thought we could have finished drives better. Of course, they’re doing what they can to make it difficult, and they’re good at that. We had others that made it difficult too. You saw the same game I did. Some looked like they were doing an homage to the Pac 12.

Question: How do you address the drops?

Leach: I thought the better he (Will) threw it down field, the better he threw it. I do think drops were an issue. In a few cases, receivers were searching for the sidelines rather than the field. I do think we have to become tougher at the receiver position. We have some skill guys, we have some talented guys, but we need some tougher guys. We need guys who crave the ball. We have guys who are polite about it. The greatest receivers I’ve ever had are the ones who try to be polite, but they’re merely trying to be polite, but they shamelessly want the ball. Somebody else shouldn’t have the ball, they should have the ball. Those are the kind of receivers you want. We have gentlemanly guys who want to make plays, we need guys who “need” to have the ball. We don’t have that.

Question: Do you see anything from the way Georgia uses their tight ends that could help you?

Leach: Not really. I could use the whole unit. Every measurable those guys have we could use. I can’t think of any we can’t use. The offense and the measurables go hand in hand. I did think we did a good job stopping the run for the most part. We stuffed the run for a period of time, a significant portion too. We let them off the hook on some big plays which was unfortunate. I thought that was pretty laudable by our group.

Question: What steps does your program need to take to win these kinds of games?

Leach: I think I’ll ask every other team in the nation that’s played them. You just keep doing what you’re doing and get better.

Question: How do you get your team to respond to adversity better?

Leach: You just have to be focused on the next play. You just have to move forward.

Question: What makes Georgia so tough to run the ball against?

Leach: They transition well. Once in a while, you catch a guy who doesn’t have his pads low, but they generally do. They pull and yank well. They get in the middle of your body and stalemate one guy and yank the other. Kirby’s teams have always been good at that.

Question: How tough was it for your guys after the punt return to have Georgia go two plays, 75 yards?

Leach: It wasn’t good at all. There were several issues with that play.

Question: How did you feel your preparation was for Georgia?

Leach: I thought it was good. I thought the mentality was good. Big plays was the biggest thing that haunted us. Some situational stuff on offense. There’s easily two scores wrapped up there. There’s easily two scores wrapped up in big plays. You get that, we’re in it or we win.

Question: Did you play better against Georgia than Alabama?

Leach: I thought we did. I thought Georgia presented a bigger challenge and I thought we played Georgia better than Alabama. I thought our mentality was far better against Georgia.

Question: What’s the message to the team entering the last two games?

Leach: We need to worry about ourselves. We need to get incrementally better. We need to focus on ourselves and improve themselves. We need to be better players. You need to try to improve each week.