The Week 11 college football players of the week showcase just how incredibly talented the landscape across the nation is. With a plethora of options to choose from during College Football Week 11, this group of student-athletes dominated this week.

Quarterback of the Week: Drake Maye, North Carolina

Playing way beyond his age, Drake Maye once again lit up a hapless defense for North Carolina, clinching their spot in the ACC Championship Game in the process. Maye scored four total touchdowns and threw for 448 yards against Wake Forest.

He had three passing touchdowns while rushing in another and finishing with 61 yards on the ground giving him over 500 yards of total offense.

A year after limping to an 0-6 record on the road, Maye finished a perfect road record for the Tar Heels in his first year as the starting quarterback. He’s a legitimate Heisman Trophy candidate, and not just this season — he’ll be the frontrunner entering the 2023 season.

Honorable Mentions: C.J. Stroud, Ohio State; Jordan Travis, Florida State; Michael Penix Jr., Washington; E.J. Warner, Temple; Clayton Tune, Houston; Emmett Morehead, Boston College

Offensive Player of the Week: Bert Emanuel Jr., QB, Central Michigan

You have to go all the way back to Wednesday to remember the inspiring performance Bert Emanuel Jr. gave us for Central Michigan. The freshman quarterback for the Chippewas put on a rushing clinic in relief, toting the rock 24 times for 293 yards and three touchdowns.

Emanuel had rushing touchdowns of one, 75, and 87 yards, all in the second half, as he took over the game and erased a 17-point deficit for a victory. He needed to complete just a single pass to come back, as he was unstoppable with his legs.

He was contacted in the backfield on multiple runs, including both of his long rushing touchdowns, as he easily ran for over 200 yards after contact.

Honorable Mentions: Emmett Morehead, QB, Boston College; Mohamed Ibrahim, RB, Minnesota; Trey Benson, RB, Florida State; DeWayne McBride, RB, UAB; Josh Downs, WR, UNC; Jalen Moreno-Cropper, WR, Fresno State

Defensive Player of the Week: Quae Drake, UL-Monroe

Single-handedly winning the contest for his team, it was Quae Drake who had the biggest defensive impact for his team this weekend. Drake scored two touchdowns for the WarHawks, both on special teams and on defense.

Included in Drake’s touchdowns was the game-winning 34-yard pick-six off Georgia State QB Darren Grainger. Drake read Grainger’s eyes brilliantly, slid to his left, maintained eye discipline in the backfield, and stepped perfectly in front of a hitch route that he then took 34 yards to the house.

MORE: CFB Week 11 Team of the Week

Drake’s interception returned for a touchdown gave UL-Monroe their first lead of the game at 31-28 and ultimately sealed the deal. He also returned a blocked punt for 23 yards and a touchdown in the first half while recording another four total tackles on defense.

Honorable Mentions: Kamren Kinchens, S, Miami (FL); Harold Perkins Jr., EDGE, LSU; Carlton Martial, LB, Troy

Special Teams Player of the Week: Kenneth Almendares, K, Louisiana

By outscoring Georgia Southern on his own, Kenneth Almendares is an easy choice for our Special Teams Player of the Week. After all, the third aspect of football is an integral portion of the sport, and Almendares proved it on Thursday night.

Almendares made all of his kick attempts, including finishing 3-for-3 extra points. He nailed five field goals against Georgia Southern: kicks from 27, 34, 40, 42, and 48 yards out. Almendares was automatic and scored 18 points, exactly one point more than Georgia Southern scored against the Ragin’ Cajuns.

Honorable Mentions: Oliver Straw, P, West Virginia; Jadon Thompson, KR, Cincinnati; Jordan Byrd, KR, San Diego State

Freshman Player of the Week: Harold Perkins Jr., LSU

Another week, another dominant Harold Perkins Jr. performance. The fabulous true freshman’s breakout week continued on Saturday after he dominated in Week 10. Perkins finished the game against Arkansas with four sacks, as he was just too fast, strong, and instinctive for the Razorbacks.

Against a backup quarterback and backup right tackle, Perkins made mincemeat of the Arkansas offense in the victory. He’s not a true freshman by any standard with how he performed on Saturday.

Perkins ripped through the line, picking up his sacks in a variety of ways and showcasing versatility as well. He bent the edge, pursued a sack, and even chased down a world-class sprinter for a sack when he kept his eyes on Malik Hornsby and broke to sack the quarterback on an off-platform scramble attempt.

The stock is rising for LSU’s defense, largely thanks to Perkins.

Honorable Mentions: Quinshon Judkins, RB, Ole Miss; E.J. Warner, QB, Temple; Antonio Williams, WR, Clemson; Matthew Golden, WR, Houston