Jimbo Fisher and a few Texas A&M players addressed the media after the Aggies’ 13-10 loss against Auburn in front of a sold-out crowd at Jordan-Hare.

Fisher’s squad is on a six-game losing streak after losing at Auburn, while the Tigers got the first win for Cadillac Williams as Auburn’s interim coach.

Here are some comments from Fisher and the Aggie players.

Opening Statement.

“It was a very physical football game. We knew both lines of scrimmages would be tested. They (Auburn) did a good job, defensive line wise. We couldn’t get in a rhythm on offense. We had some plays where we had a couple of penalties. Had some self-inflicted wounds. We couldn’t get things going. But, we knew it would be a low-scoring game. In the run game, we couldn’t get it going. We had a couple late. They ran the football and had a lot of yards. But, we still did a great job of getting stops at critical times and creating turnovers. They made a couple of more plays than we did. We have to do a better job the next game.”

On trying to play more up-tempo earlier.

“We tried to go up-tempo, but we couldn’t get any first downs. We were up-tempo probably 75 percent of the game tonight. Maybe, 80 percent. We tried to make the right plays, do the right things and make checks on the run. We were up-tempo most of the game. We couldn’t sustain because of a penalty or a negative play in the situation.”

On tonight’s performance changing the offense.

“The offense we run is still the same – similar on all schemes across the board. We have to call it better and coach it better. Verticals are verticals. Smashes are smashes. We have to do a better job of it. We will evaluate everything.”

On the line of scrimmage playing a factor for Auburn.

“It was really big. The line of scrimmage – they did a really good job. It doesn’t matter what you got, it’s hard when you don’t win the line of scrimmage. We couldn’t establish run protection. We tried to find a way to chip. We gapped protected. We slid protected. We man protected. We chipped out and did different things. As a coach, you have to keep searching for ways to help them.”

Layden Robinson, OL

On the team not being bowl eligible.

“The purpose of this season right now is to finish strong. You must finish whether you have a loser’s mentality or a winner’s mentality, and our job is to have a winner’s mentality.”

On why the team had trouble protecting the ball tonight.

“We just missed it. We were making mistakes and missing assignments. There is no other excuse for it, and we are not going to make any. We just must get better at it and across the board.”

On sensing any frustration from the offense

“No, we kept a level head. We just took it as a, ‘hey, let’s shake it off.’ We went to the next play and the next play. We had to break it down drop-by-drop and play-by-play.”

On QB Conner Weigman

“He is a great leader and a great quarterback. He is a very uplifted guy and always comes to our bench to make sure he talks to us and keeps us encouraged.”

McKinnley Jackson, DT

On the team’s adjustments in the second half to stop the run.

“We fixed communication. We need to be on the same page across the board from the front end to the back end. That was the main thing.”

On any team disappointment surrounding bowl eligibility.

“Our main thing is going one day of the week at a time. Worrying about a bowl game is too far down the road to worry about. We’re taking everything one day and one game at a time. That was the main objective. With the circumstances now, it’s the next game, the next week, and the next opponent.”

On Auburn’s rush game.

“We did expect it. After watching film, we know that they (Auburn) like to run the ball and get to the perimeter. We game-planned around it. At times, we did well defending against it. But, at other times, we were inconsistent. For the most part, we did well.”

Nubyjas Wilborn covers Auburn for Alabama Media Group.