Published 11/13/2022, 7:17 PM +04

Deji Olatunji will fight Floyd Mayweather tonight. The exhibition bout has been in the news for some time. The world will finally know whether a 24-year-old Youtuber can face a boxer rated the best the world has seen in the last three decades.

ADVERTISEMENT Article continues below this ad

This will not be the young internet celebrity’s first foray into the ring. He won the only professional fight he has fought so far against another YouTuber from America, Yousef Saleh Erakat or Fousey. His amateur exploits, though, weren’t so grand. He lost all three fights, starting with Jake Paul in 2018 and the latest against Alex Wassabi in May this year.

ADVERTISEMENT Article continues below this ad

Standing at 5 feet and 9 inches or 175 centimeters, Deji is a southpaw who uses the nickname The Tank when boxing.

Deji Olatunji: Some Personal Information

Deji’s Birthplace: Where was KSI’s brother born?

Deji was born Oladeji Olatunji in London. Records state his date of birth as 9th December 1996. Growing up in Watford, Hertfordshire, he now lives with his parents in Peterborough.

What nationality is Deji?

While he is British, Deji’s father, Olajide Adamulla Olatunji Sr., is from Ibadan City in Nigeria, and his mother, Yinka Atinuke, is from Islington.

What is Deji’s ethnicity?

During one of the episodes, Deji’s father revealed that he belonged to the Hausa-Fulani ethnicity.

Deji’s Net Worth and Earnings: YouTube and Boxing

Deji commenced his YouTube journey in 2011. Initially, he was into making short videos on popular games like FIFA 12, Modern Warfare 3, Tekken 6, etc. Then he started making videos in which the senior Olatunji made a regular appearance. The clips began receiving widespread acclaim. By 2013, Deji made the first breakthrough when the number of YouTube subscribers crossed the 1 million benchmark.

As of now, the young entrepreneur has more than 10 million people subscribing to his YouTube channel. Other social media platforms are just a little behind, with 2.4 million followers on Twitter, 3.1 million followers on Instagram, 1.2 million followers on Facebook, and nearly a million TikTok followers.

Deji Olatunji’s net worth stands somewhere in the proximity of $5 million.

ADVERTISEMENT Article continues below this ad

He is expected to make roughly $10 million from the fight against Floyd Mayweather.

Watch Out For More: Mayweather versus Olatunji Pay-Per-View Details

ADVERTISEMENT Article continues below this ad

While he has made excellent use of YouTube to gain name and fame, whether he will be able to put his talents, albeit of a different nature, to good use inside a ring needs to be seen.

What do you make of this youngster who will face one of the greatest boxers in boxing history?