Syracuse, N.Y. — Down 28 points with just over 5 minutes remaining in the third quarter, Mikel Jones and company were trying to make a goal line stand.

Florida State faced 4th-and-goal from the 2-yard line. Jones and defensive tackle Kevon Darton had stuffed FSU running back Trey Benson for a loss of 1 on the previous play.

While there’d been — and would continue to be — no offensive momentum to make a potential comeback, a stop could’ve kept things a little less embarrassing for an Orange defense that has been such a highlight this season. It could’ve kept what was supposed to be a celebratory night from becoming such a depressing one.

But half of SU’s already small crowd had already left the JMA Wireless Dome when it seemed like FSU had scored its fifth touchdown of the night two plays prior.

The Seminoles ended up going with a flashy scoring play — its variation of the “Philly Special” — to push its lead to over 30 points, having tight end Wyatt Rector toss one out wide right to quarterback Jordan Travis.

Syracuse football lost by its largest margin yet this season, steamrolled 38-3 by Florida State on Senior Night.

Unlike the last showing out in the Loud House, all of the opponent’s scores came at the hands of the defense. However, it was a bad showing in all three phases — the worst of the season — with the SU offense looking as stagnant as it has the past three weeks even with the return of quarterback Garrett Shrader.

Things were ugly as two of the most-penalized teams in the country squared off against each other. A week after trimming down on penalties in Pittsburgh, the Orange was flagged 10 times for a total loss of 72 yards.

Shrader’s return from injury did nothing to help SU’s offensive woes from the past few weeks. It went three-and-out on its opening three drives with only 3 net yards of offense.

The Orange managed to get something going on its fourth drive of the game as Tucker eliminated the chance of another short drive with a 16-yard rush on first down.

After two less successful rushing attempts, Shrader aired one out to Oronde Gadsden II, the tight end’s first reception since the Notre Dame game. The pair picked up 29 yards to move the chains on their own, and Syracuse was also given an extra 15 yards on an FSU facemask penalty.

SU couldn’t punch one in from the red zone though, and it was kicker Andre Szmyt who jogged on the field on 4th-and-7 to put points on the board.

Szmyt came out for another kick later in the half, but it dropped well short as the snap came off late and the play was rushed by an expiring play clock. The attempt was from 53 yards out.

Syracuse wouldn’t come close to scoring again until the final seconds of the game against a second-string FSU defense and aided by penalty yards. Even then, it couldn’t find the end zone, failing to get one final snap off at the 1-yard line before the game clock expired.

By then, the outcome was long determined.

Florida State went up quickly on SU, using Benson to plow down the field and then juking the Orange with receivers on the outside for two touchdowns. Both freshman cornerback Jeremiah Wilson and sophomore Duce Chestnut missed score-preventing tackles to give the Seminoles a 14-0 head start.

Syracuse didn’t help itself out of halftime, opting for an onside kick that just set up another easy touchdown for Florida State.

After that fifth and final touchdown, the one Travis caught, the starting Seminoles QB was subbed out. He finished the night 21-of-23 for 155 yards and three touchdowns, and also picked up another 21 yards and one touchdown on five rushing attempts. And he had the 2-yard reception for a touchdown.

SU’s offense finished with just 160 yards.

Shrader closed the game with his second-lowest completion percentage of the season (38%) and had just six completions for 65 yards. Tucker carried the ball 14 times for 52 yards but was scorned multiple times by offensive penalties that brought chain-moving rushes back.

The abysmal showing sends Syracuse off to its final two regular-season games before its bowl game, both on the road starting next week at Wake Forest.

Contact Emily Leiker anytime: Email | Twitter

MORE ORANGE FOOTBALL

Syracuse football no-shows on Senior Night vs. Florida State (Axe’s best? and worst)

Florida State embarrasses Syracuse, 38-3, giving Dino Babers another clunker of a loss (final score, recap)

Syracuse football box score vs. Florida State

You Grade the Orange: Rate Syracuse football performance vs. Florida State

NIL Now podcast debuts, covering the wild world of Name, Image, Likeness in college and HS sports

Andre Szmyt, the 2018 Lou Groza Award winner, is a semifinalist for the award again

Syracuse Orange fans:

How to watch and stream | Syracuse football tickets | Syracuse football gear