It was truly unlike anything I have seen in more than half a century of covering college football. As a game between two teams that came in with five-game losing streaks ended, the sellout crowd at Jordan-Hare Stadium erupted with pure joy. Auburn players jumped and hugged each other. Interim head coach Cadillac Williams, soaked by the ice water bath he’d just received, fought back tears.

When Williams ran to the student section, waving a towel, the noise was what you would expect if a championship had just been won. It was a remarkable scene. It was like no one wanted to leave. The atmosphere was really like an Iron Bowl or a game with championship implications.

The Tigers had virtually no passing game in the whipping wind. They turned the ball over three times. They stalled in the red zone a couple of times. Quarterback Robby Ashford overthrew running back Jarquez Hunter on a wheel route that would have been a certain touchdown. Those things didn’t matter. Not on this night. Auburn beat Texas A&M 13-10 and gave Williams his first victory as interim head coach. That was all that mattered.

Williams said it wasn’t about him, but really it was. Williams’ energy, love, compassion and passion for all things Auburn have quickly won over so many. He was the reason Auburn fans packed Jordan-Hare Stadium, why it was the biggest Tiger Walk of the season, why the noise started early and did not go away.

Twelve days ago, Auburn fired former head coach Bryan Harsin. Williams was caught by surprise when he was named interim head coach. Today, if you took a vote of Auburn fans, there would probably be overwhelming sentiment to make him the permanent head coach.

When it was over and the game had been won Williams talked about “pouring into these players,” making them understand it was OK if they made a mistake. That is a significant change from the previous head coach. He talked emotionally about their effort and the effort of the coaching staff. Williams injected energy back into a program that had little of it in Harsin’s unfortunate tenure.

Dozens of Williams’ former teammates returned to support him in his first game on the field where he was an All-American and became an Auburn icon.

“I will be forever grateful for this moment,” Williams said.

Auburn’s defense was dominant. Texas A&M had negative yardage in the second half before an 80-yard drive on its final possession that really meant nothing. Auburn easily could have won by a bigger score. Quarterback Robby Ashford overthrew running back Jarquez Hunter, was all alone for what would have been a touchdown. Thee turnovers were costly.

What Auburn’s offense did was run the heck of the ball, going for 270 yards. Hunter ran 13 times for 121 yards. Tank Bigsby had 23 carries, also for 121 yards

True freshman A&M quarterback Connor Weigman, like many freshman quarterbacks before him, struggled in the roar of the Jordan-Hare Stadium crowd, In one stretch, he threw 11 consecutive incompletions. He finished 14-of-36 for 121 yards.

Yes, the Tigers are 4-6. Yes, it would take something close to a miracle to get to a bowl game. But Saturday night was one to celebrate.

Linebacker Cam Riley might have put it best.

“We are,” he said, “back to being Auburn.”